MTV-2230 Release Notes for 2.9.0 (#719)
kubev2v/forklift-documentation: documentation/modules/technical-changes-2-9.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * documentation/doc-Release_notes/master.adoc

[id="technical-changes-2-9_{context}"]
= Technical changes

{project-first} 2.9 has the following technical changes:

* Upgraded `kubevirt` version to v1.5.1
+

> {project-first} previously did not allow users to override the default preference for virtual Trusted Platform Module (vTPM) device in virtual machines. In {project-short} 2.9.0, the `kubevirt` version is upgraded to v1.5.1 which introduces the `TPM.enabled` field. You can set the `TPM.enabled` field to `false` to disable vTPM for migrations of VMware VMs with UEFI settings. If the field is set to `false`, it overrides the default vTPM prerefence in VMs post migration. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* {project-short} previously did not allow users to override the default preference for virtual Trusted Platform Module (vTPM) devices in virtual machines. In {project-short} 2.9.0, the `kubevirt` version is upgraded to v1.5.1, which introduces the `TPM.enabled` field. You can set the `TPM.enabled` field to `false` to disable vTPM for migrations of VMware VMs with UEFI settings. If the field is set to `false`, it overrides the default vTPM preference in VMs post migration. 
```

Author: Thanks! I didn't introduce a bullet point here because of the format we followed for technical changes: <title><\n><description>. Hope that's ok.
